RE_ MSFT - Call Coaching Capabilities - Evaluation-20250411_101751-Meeting Recording
April 11, 2025, 3:17PM
25m 43s

John Doe started transcription

Brock Miller   0:04
Alright, perfect.
It's recording.
Hey, Kevin. Absolutely. Pleasure to talk to you again.
You know, I know we talked last week.
A few things about your guys's goals, but just as a reminder, my name's Brock Miller, and I'm Acme Values partner manager here at Contoso.
So I know you know we have some new faces around the room. Would love just a quick introduction.
Get to know your role a little bit more and that's how I can best cater my.
My pitch here to you.

Kevin Sanders   0:31
Yeah, will great to meet you.
My name is Kevin.
I lead Acme Values marketing team, so really interested to see what you have to share today on Contoso's capabilities and you know how it can help us grow our business.

Brock Miller   0:45
Yeah, no, 100% and just to kind of recap the conversation I had with your team last week, it sounded like three of the top priorities.
First and foremost was to grow your GMV with Contoso year over year.
Second priority was to expand your digital reach, ultimately for Easter and Memorial Day weekend.
And then finally was to acquire some new customers at scale for that Acme Value brand.
Is this aligned with what you have as a vision for Acme Value?
Plus, Contoso.

Kevin Sanders   1:12
Yeah, yeah, I think.
I think those are spot on.
Easter is coming up pretty quickly, so we want to get going as quickly as possible. If there's opportunity here. We also have a a pretty steep row as goal as well.
Profitability is really important to us, especially as the tariffs come down and you know margins become tighter. So it'd be great to see kind of how Contoso connects positioned from an efficiency perspective as well.

Brock Miller   1:36
Yeah, absolutely. Happy to cover that in the the slides we have ahead of time.
You're not the only one, you know.
It's always kind of been the the the main goal to maintain EDLPEDLC as a Contoso brand.
So you know this is something that we we are hearing from a lot of clients and we'll make sure to address that in this presentation.

Kevin Sanders   1:55
Sounds good.

Brock Miller   1:57
Awesome. So before we get started, I just wanted to reiterate that since Contoso is a public company, these materials are going to be confidential.
So we do just ask that you don't share these materials without our expressed consent.
So figured a good use of our time today as kind of an agenda. First and foremost, we can start with that lay of the land of where Contoso on the e-commerce front is.
I'll give you a quick snapshot of what the food and consumable categories look like, as well as where the Acme Value brand brings.
Then we'll go into a quick introduction of the Contoso sponsored products as well as a deeper dive into you know how to maximize that performance through content quality and search relevancy.
Finally, we'll be going through a bespoke media plan that I put together ahead of this conversation.
And then we can talk through some next steps and a potential test outside of these items. I'm curious, is there anything else that you wanna make sure that we cover today?

Kevin Sanders   2:47
But these look great.
Yeah, I think I'm ready to go.

Brock Miller   2:50
Incredible. So just wanted to say I want this to be as conversational as possible.
Sometimes I get very passionate when it comes to talking about Contoso, so I do want you to jump in at any time you see fit, or if there's anything you would want additional clarity on.

Kevin Sanders   3:04
Sounds like a plan.

Brock Miller   3:06
Excellent. So to set the stage, Contoso e-commerce, it is growing and it is growing very fast.
So our goal as a company has always been to provide brands of all sizes that opportunity to diversify and grow their business, to throw a couple numbers at you and how people are able to diversify and grow these businesses is that 90% of America shops at Wal.
Something I just learned.
Also, 90% of America lives within 10 miles of a Contoso, which makes us that number one retailer.
If we're looking on the online side of things.
We reach about 118 million monthly unique visitors on Contoso.com, which makes us that number one online grocer and conveniently puts us at that number 2% or that number two position quickly making moves for that number one position right behind Amazon. So ess.
What this means is that our reach and scale are unrivaled here at Contoso, and specifically within the food and consumables space, which you'll see in just a slide.
So because of that reach and scale, we do continue to own that market share across all major categories.
And specifically for Acme Value, figured you'd be interested in learning a little bit more about where we sit within all food and consumables.
So according to Sakana, we actually own about 28% of that unit share within the food and consumable category. And so that puts us well above Kroger, ALDI, Dollar General and quite a few of the other competitors.
Now that's enough about Contoso. Before we jump into Acme Values performance on Contoso this year, any questions on e-commerce or any of the the statistics that I brought up for you?

Kevin Sanders   4:36
I know this is great data.
And extremely relevant for us.
Is there a specific time of year that you would recommend us to focus in on?
I mean, it looks like Contoso's growing pretty quickly, the categories growing pretty quickly, are you?
Are you seeing a specific time of year where we should be kind of focusing our efforts?

Brock Miller   4:56
Yeah. So that's a great question. I mean, specifically within your category, I'm thinking of the the Frozen bakery and sweets.
We're coming up on a pretty high category time for you all specifically with Easter in mind and Memorial Day weekend coming up.
A lot of food and consumable brands are really prepping for that spring grilling season.
And so with that, we're just going to see a lot more organic demand and a lot more eyeballs going to the Contoso com site.
With that, you'll see an increase in search traffic for relevant queries.
To Acme Value.
And so ultimately, I would say now is a fantastic time for us to begin these conversations and for us to start these.
The conversations on how we can get started on Contoso.

Kevin Sanders   5:36
OK.
Got it.
Just one more question will.

Brock Miller   5:38
Yep.

Kevin Sanders   5:39
Is that 28% number does that?
Is that inclusive of online or is this? Is this only in stores at Omni?
Can you specify that data point?

Brock Miller   5:48
Yeah, absolutely.
So this number is going to be inclusive of Omni.
So basically in terms of all sales, whether it be in store, online, pick up, delivery, shipping just within that category share, that's what we make up.

Kevin Sanders   6:02
OK, perfect.
No, that's helpful. Thanks.

Brock Miller   6:04
Yep, absolutely. So with that usually for these first conversations, what I like to do is kind of reiterate the state of the business and where we look within that past 52 weeks on Contoso, outside of any sort of advertising, just to give us kind of an idea.
Of what?
That baseline of performance is.
So with that, here are a couple numbers for you in terms of how we performed by Contoso.
So just a reminder, your Omni GMV, this is going to be your total sales.
So it looks like within the last 52 weeks, we drove about $10 million in total sales.
Which is about a three-point, 15% decrease year over year and it's important to note where the rest of the category sits as well. 'cause we're sitting at above a 14.46% year over year growth kind of a similar story on the digital side.
Of things.
So just a reminder, this is any sale that occurs online through app, whether it be desktop, mobile, we drove about $2,000,000 in sales which was about a 30.5% increase year over year.
However, the rest of the category was growing at a faster rate at about that 35.9%.
That year over year growth.
One last point here.
I will call out digital sales penetration.
This is a metric that our merchants and our buyers tend to look at pretty closely as there is a lot more of a shift to push sales online. And so with that we are sitting above the rest of the category at above a 20%, which is a.
2.8 percentage point increase year over year, whereas the rest of the category is sitting at a 16 point or a 16% year to date.
Percentage. With that, any questions on the data from Contoso before we jump into where you look at?
With the rest of the category.

Kevin Sanders   7:39
No, this this data is super insightful.
Thanks for sharing it.
Only question I have is you know what?
What do you think is causing that that that trend to go online?
Like, what's what's causing that behavior?

Brock Miller   7:51
Yeah. So quite a few things. And really it's meeting customers where they're at, we at Contoso and I'm sure most of the other competitors have noticed this trend as well. But both COVID a lot of folks have kind of shifted their buying habits right online pick up and.
Delivery convenience. You know, being able to make orders online and have it arrive at their doorstep. Convenience has been the ultimate factor that drives this change.
And so we're noticing a lot, a lot more customers shift to that online focus and so.
We figured if we can get the brands to meet the consumers where they're at, it's gonna create the best possible experience for that customer. At the end of the day.

Kevin Sanders   8:27
Makes sense?
OK.
Cool. Thanks.

Brock Miller   8:30
Yeah, absolutely.
And so jumping into kind of digital GMV growth year over year and what it looks like across the rest of the category.
So what I did here is I took the top 20 sellers in the online top 20 online selling Frozen bakery and desserts and topping brands. White labeled them except for Acme Value right here and it tells us a few things.
So we're sitting at kind of #7 with that 30.5% growth. You can see there are a few brands before us that are driving a substantial amount of growth.
Which means they are in prime positions to continue to increase the ranks on their online sales ranking.
Inversely, there are also quite a few brands that are not meeting the same rate of growth that we're at, which provides an ample opportunity for us to dominate within the space.
So I would recommend a solution that focuses on digital GMV growth as this is going to be the trend that consumers are moving into and it's also going to help us surpass the rest of the competitors in that market share. Now understanding this and seeing where we R.
Within the rest of the category, I am curious what Acme Value strategy is to grow.
Year over year currently.

Kevin Sanders   9:33
Yeah, I mean, we've been running a lot of promotional strategies, a lot of off site marketing tactics to drive demand back on to Contoso.
So that's kind of what we've been doing over the past couple years. But you know the reason why we took the call was to see what we can do in House on the Contoso side.
So yeah, I think that's the next step of the, you know, those promotional strategies. Offsite advertising has been historically what we've been doing from a from a demand Gen.
Effective.

Brock Miller   10:04
Yeah, that's awesome.
Love hearing when folks are embracing kind of the outside side of things and with offsite. I I am curious what kind of channels are inclusive of that?

Kevin Sanders   10:14
Yeah, yeah.
We're using a lot of Google Meta for our off site tactics.
Amazon's obviously a huge driver of demand for us, but that's typically going to be routed back onto Amazon. So I would say our Contoso demand Gen. efforts have been focused mainly on on Google and Meta, and we're starting to test that with with.

Brock Miller   10:39
Awesome, yeah.
No, that's amazing. It sounds like you all have a pretty solid rounded or well-rounded media strategy that focuses lot on kind of users with less intent capturing moments of or users that are in moments of content consumption rather than, you know, low funnel intent strategies I mean.
With that, I'm curious outside of your meta buys, Tiktok buys. Have you tested any form of search advertising on other platforms before?

Kevin Sanders   11:03
No, no, just just Amazon.
Like sponsor a couple spots product campaigns on Amazon is about.

Brock Miller   11:10
Oh, awesome.

Kevin Sanders   11:11
It.

Brock Miller   11:11
So if you're familiar with sponsored products on Amazon, it'll probably be a very similar conversation here.
But that is great to hear that you have tested that on Amazon, as I'm sure that's performing fairly well for you guys on the Amazon front.
With that, before we jump into kind of what Contoso is, my last question would be, you know, how familiar are you with Contoso?

Kevin Sanders   11:33
We we've attended a couple of you guys conferences and it's been really helpful just getting an overview of your your product stack and the potential on the platform.
But we haven't really doven in at the campaign level and and.
In terms of, you know, the oh, can you hear me?

Brock Miller   11:53
Sorry, did I lose you, Kevin?
Yeah, I can do you.

Kevin Sanders   11:58
OK.
Yeah, pretty high level stuff.
So yeah, familiar with the platform. Not familiar with how to get everything set up.

Brock Miller   12:05
OK, fantastic.
No, I'm glad to hear that.
And that essentially means I get to do my job, which is explaining exactly how it is relevant to the Acme Value brand and jumping right into kind of like what Contoso means for you all.
So I'm sure this is going to be something that you've heard in your attendance of conferences and research that you've done before, but Contoso, where essentially Contoso's internal retail media platform that helps brands like Acme Value Connect with Contoso shoppers online within the Contoso E.
We do have a product called our sponsor products.
Very similar to what you're already familiar with on Amazon, but it's essentially what our paid search advertising product is. In short, is a fantastic way for us to get Acme Value in front of customers that are actively searching for products like yours.
So say for example a person that is gearing up for my Easter Sunday brunch, I want to do a cheesecake as my dessert offering.
So what?
I search for the word cheesecake.
I'm indicating that I'm a user with.
A very high level of intent that I'm likely going to make a purchase by being one of the top.
Results and being in within that first result page of uh searches that is going to boost our conversion rate significantly higher than currently where we rank organically.
That is exactly how we're going to help you increase your sales by having our products show up with those users with very high intent. And we do so through targeted advertising on sponsored products.
It's mainly going to be through search queries and you know behaviour like that, but ultimately.
You know, these are three different prongs for us to help drive your sales. And just to reiterate.
As well, we're priced on a cost per click model.
So you're really only going to pay anytime a user clicks on your ad.
And so the way it works, I usually like to describe this flywheel that looks a little bit complicated step by step.
So we take a look at sponsored products, say for example, Acme Value chooses to launch a sponsored products campaign and we start showing up within that search grid.
So within that search grid, people are now going to be a lot more aware of what the Acme Value brand is when they're doing search queries for your products like cheesecake pie.
Cake anything along that nature. Once a user is aware of what the brand is.
That helps us accelerate into our sales and help drive a sustainable amount of sales and get us kind of a baseline of performance there.
With those sales that are now accelerated, that helps us capture the reviews from our customers that we have just acquired. And with additional sales with these reviews that actually improved our ranking both organically and paid as it helps boost our relevancy metric, I am curious has anyone from?
The Contoso team, whether it be a merchant or anyone else, explain to you what relevancy is and the importance of it for.

Kevin Sanders   14:47
Yeah, not so much.
Yeah, a little fuzzy on relevancy.

Brock Miller   14:52
OK.
Definitely. It's. In short, it is.
How relevant is this product going to be to the end user?
So for the same reason, we're not going to serve frozen fish to somebody searching for the word cheesecake, it's not quite as simple as that, but it takes into consideration keywords on the product description page on the title. It takes into consideration your previous performance, your reviews and.
How relevant is it going to be to that user to again focus on providing the best possible customer mindset or the the best possible?
Customer experience. So with that increase in our relevancy, it's gonna result in that increase in traffic and clicks. And with that, we're gonna go back into accelerating our sales and we've kinda kick started this entire flywheel process of growth just because we started with these sponsored products so.
At the end of the day, it's really a solid catalyst for us to establish a baseline to continue growing our sales and This is why I believe this would be the best possible product for.
Acme Value to increase our online presence.

Kevin Sanders   15:53
Makes sense to me.

Brock Miller   15:55
Fantastic. Any questions on this or the previous slide about sponsor products?

Kevin Sanders   16:00
No, I guess it's a responsible products is CPC so similar to Amazon. What type of attribution model?
Yeah. Is it on on Contoso?

Brock Miller   16:14
Yeah, good question.
So it is a 14 day last click attribution model, so kind of similar to the retail media standard you know with sponsored products and specifically sponsored search, it's gonna be on that click through attribution.
We can talk a little bit more about our additional products, but alluding to it DSS and display, that's gonna be viewed through. But for us we match what the best of the retail media standard is in that 14 day click through.

Kevin Sanders   16:38
OK. And is there attribution on in store purchases, the spots products?

Brock Miller   16:43
Yeah, we do have.
Yeah, great question too.
So that is something that's still kind of in its beta. We can attribute and track back to in store purchases as long as the user is using you know their Contoso or account or if they're using a credit card matching the same details, same phone number.
And that's where we can see a slight uplift in in store activity as well as our online activity.

Kevin Sanders   17:07
OK.
Great. Thank you for that.

Brock Miller   17:10
Yeah, absolutely.
Great questions.
Well, and just to talk a little bit about it, I've been highlighting a lot of you know where the sponsor products are in that search grid, but we do have a few other placements as well. First and foremost, you know we focus on some of the top traffic.
Spots on the Contoso site map.
So with that, we have our home page placements. We do have that search results or we're thinking about that search in grid placement. We also appeared on product detail pages as well as our buy box placements as well.
And the key to make sure that we are maximizing these top placements first and foremost is to ensure that strong item health.
So item health, few different factors go into this. The this kind of ties into that point about relevancy earlier, but it's also about making sure that our item is in stock, making sure that we are shipping the product and a very fast if not free method and then.
Also making sure that.
That the item is priced at a very competitive price point.
The second prong of that is ensuring that we have a tailored media strategy as well, which I actually put ahead of the conversation or put together ahead of this conversation based on the goals that we had from our last conversation with your team before we jump into this.
Any questions on the placements here?

Kevin Sanders   18:24
I mean these these placements are great.
I think we're gonna gain access to a new placement that we don't get too often on sponsored products on Amazon, which is home page, which is great.
Is there any way for us to specifically choose where we want to show up?

Brock Miller   18:39
Not necessarily.
So we we don't have placement inclusion or exclusion for the strategy that I'm going to recommend.
In short, we do have the ability to do bid multipliers and so if you want to make sure that we're showing up more on the home page versus a buy box, if you will, you can increase the base level bid on that specific placement. And so theoretically you.
Should be more competitive on that placement, therefore more opportunity to serve on that.
Does that make sense?

Kevin Sanders   19:07
Makes total sense. Thank you for that.

Brock Miller   19:09
Yeah, absolutely. And and one thing I forgot to mention. So since you're in the food and consumable space or specifically in the food space, you also have access to a stock up placement, which is essentially what we have as our retargeting strategy on sponsored products generally speaking it.
Drives a very solid return on your ad spend, and it helps.
Kind of get users that have previously purchased the product and it drives a a very strong conversion rate typically.

Kevin Sanders   19:37
Awesome. Awesome.

Brock Miller   19:39
Perfect. So with all of that being said, taking the context of your goals and kind of where we're sitting within the category, I wanted to start off with the strategy and why we put together kind of this plan here. So first and foremost, understanding the strategy is going.
To be increasing your impression leading into that holiday season.
So we're thinking Easter Memorial Day spring, any type of spring food event. What we want to do is make sure that we are top of mind for all the consumers that are searching for our relevant keywords in the category.
Through that sponsored products, making sure within that top of placement and that top of search result page that is going to be the best way we can increase that impression share.
2nd, we do want to focus on acquiring our new to brand customers. So doing a quick dive into your guys, you know repeat rate and lifetime value, I find that users, once they actually try your product, they love it and they become a repeat purchaser. They purchase a.
Product 5-6 plus times.
And so ultimately with that, there's gonna be a lot of value in focusing on getting new folks. So we can make sure that we're optimizing towards this within the Contoso UI as we monitor the.
The metrics.
And then finally, I want to make sure that we're establishing our high performing keywords through a series of keyword harvesting.
This may or may not be something that you're already doing on the Amazon Channel, but ultimately through what we're going to do on the campaign type automatic campaigns, we get to see exactly where you know the keywords are driving the most performance, which ones are going to need.
An additional push and which ones we can spin up into a manual keyword targeted campaign.
And so in terms of a flight, what I really want to focus on is establishing the baseline for us and that's why I would recommend that we start an always on campaign.
This could be something that we leave in the back end with our automatic campaign.
It's going to be something that we can allow to to basically serve throughout the day and serve throughout the month with very limited, you know, interaction with us.
It's it's one of the closest things we can do to a set and forget kind of campaign and it's going to be that baseline for really boosting our.
Sales from what we were at previously.
Then, as alluded to, automatic this essentially just means we're going to allow all the Contoso algorithm to really focus on finding where those users are going to be, whether it be through a series of intense through branded keywords, through non branded keywords, broad category keywords, our AL.
Essentially gonna do the work for you to find where the most conversions are gonna happen.
I'll pause right there.
So between the strategy, flight and campaign type, are there any questions on kind of what we put together?

Kevin Sanders   22:15
Yeah. No, I mean this all makes sense.
I I think this is exactly what we were looking for in terms of getting started on the Connect side. I I guess my only question is before moving forward is you know, what can we expect from a real assessment?

Brock Miller   22:23
Yep.

Kevin Sanders   22:29
I know I mentioned that at the top of the meeting that we are very row as focused.
You put a benchmark of $3.80 in 940.

Brock Miller   22:35
Right.

Kevin Sanders   22:38
That's a pretty broad range and that would drastically impact our profitability.
What can we expect from a Ross perspective in the next? You know, if we?

Brock Miller   22:43
Yep.

Kevin Sanders   22:46
Launch today, over the next two to three weeks.

Brock Miller   22:50
Right. So at the end of the day and I completely hear you on being a return on ad spend kind of focused business. I will say that this ROAS benchmark, it is aggregated based off of your competitors within the department.
So you can expect anywhere between a $3.80 return on your ad spend to a $9.40. I understand it's a very large range and the reason why I always say take these benchmarks with a grain of salt is because it is.
Very dependent on, you know, quite a few different factors, right.
So price point is one of the.
The biggest impactors for our return on ad spend. If you have a higher priced item that maintains a high conversion rate, naturally your return on ad spend is going to be higher than what the rest of your competitors are.
It also is contingent on seasonality, contingent on brand recognition.
So with that, at the end of the day, I always say that the best way for us to understand what kind of return on ad spend we're going to get is if we test and learn.
And so I would say that within.
Two to three weeks we'll have a baseline understanding of what kind of returns we're going to be receiving.
On our ad spend.
So with that, I recommend an investment of about $550 per day.
And the reason being is this sits around 10% of what your digital GMV is looking at over the past 52 weeks. And that's generally the best starting point for advertisers testing out the Contoso strategy for the first time. And that allows us to basically serve.
Throughout the entire day, and it's meaningful enough budget so that we can actually see.
An impact on our business, whether positive or hopefully not negative.
But we can see that level of impact you know with that much data that we're gonna have coming into our system.
So based off of all this information and understanding kind of where ROAS sits within the rest of the apartment, does this budget align with your testing strategy for the holiday season?

Kevin Sanders   24:36
Yeah, it does. It does.
I think this all makes sense and I understand there's a lot of factors that play into row as, so I appreciate the explanation there.
Yeah, let's go ahead and get started.
We Easter is coming up in two weeks and we need to campaign out and running by then.
So yeah, let's go ahead and move forward.

Brock Miller   24:55
Incredible. So with that understanding the urgency, what I can do is right after this call, I will be shooting over those instructions for how exactly to set up the account. And I would, what I would love to do is once we get that account set up, we can.
Hop on a call.
I'll give you a full walkthrough of the Contoso UI and we can walk through kind of setting up our first campaigns together and then actually go live on that call. So with that in mind, I'm curious, are you free on this upcoming Monday? I believe that is.
The 14th.
Around the same time.

Kevin Sanders   25:26
Yes, yes I am.

Brock Miller   25:29
Great. Fantastic.
Well, Kevin, it's been an absolute pleasure.
Be on the lookout for that calendar invite.
Otherwise, I'm really looking forward to our partnership together.

Kevin Sanders   25:36
Likewise, great talking to you, Brock.

Brock Miller   25:40
Likewise.
End scene.

John Doe stopped transcription
